Using npx create-react-app to create the initial scaffolding of the project

Device Issuance:
  Database Schema:
    1. Recipient model: _id(mongoose.Schema.Types.ObjectId, required), surname(string, required), firstname(string), department(for now just name:string, but ), possibly some contact info like phone, email, address etc
    2. Device model: id/device number(unique int), device name(string), manufacrurer details(probably only name or an object if needed), possibly type
    3. Issuance model: Issuance model references both Recipient and Device models using their _id fields. This creates a many-to-many relationship between devices and recipients through the Issuance model.dates of issuance and returning, id's of device and recipient from relevant tables. Issuance date if empty defaults to current moment.

  Validate the data:
    some preliminary validation should happen on front end so that users get responsive hints for fixing small typos, but there will need to be a proper back end validator that ensures security

  IAM handling with authentication and authorization; different roles at least for administators and ordinary users. Possibly OAuth or jsonwebtoken(JWT)

  Logging and Error Handling: logs for tracking use and not showing all errors to user.

  Performance?

  UI: mobile first, responsivness?

Device Search:

Device Information:
  probably a less detailed version for just looking over devices and a more detailed version for looking through each issuance, return and other detail of a particular device

TODO:
  all IDs might already exist(as ids used in a different system for devices and personal logins for recipients. But need to make sure with the client before making changes.) If exist maybe avoid creating unnecessary extra mongoose.ObjectIds.
  recipient contact information validation in Recipient model(email,phone,address?)
  a separate type for debices (mobile phone, laptop etc) among other things to simplify search and make it easier to view only devices of a type
  validate issuedAt<returnedAt<Date.now

Canva color palette: #E7D2CC, #B9B7BD, #868B8E, #EEEDE7